Add note explaining how to import fonts with spaces in name (#46348)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/font-optimization.md

})
```

> > **Note**: You can use `_` to use fonts with spaces in the name. For example `Redacted_Script`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: You can use `_` for fonts with spaces in the name. For example `Titillium Web` should be `Titillium_Web`.
```
